Issues with water:

There are a number of uninverted, yet directional columns dealing with water.
They are:
53 left-side water at top, ends in bottom-left water corner, two rock walls at
	bottom
57 two rock walls at top, open space down to top-left corner into left water
68 solid right water with bridge in middle
69 solid left water--no bridge
70 left-side water at top, bottom-left corner, then open space
96 bushes at top, FOUR open spaces before top-right corner, right water
99 bushes at top, TWO open spaces before top-left corner, left water
180 rock wall down to top-left corner into normal water;
	only used for the river's bend
214 single-wide gap between rock wall and top-left corner, left water
224 left water into normal water; only used in bottom-right corner coast

Fortunately, some are used in only one screen
	68 is only used for the lake bridge (and should be changed if lake bridge
			is on other side (screen 55)
	70 is only used at the southwest corner of the big lake, but, since where
			open columns are changes, it is not so easily changed (screen 80)
	99 is only used at northwest small lake (screen 85)
	180 is only used for river's bend and should be changed to match the river
			if possible (screen 22); its only shared tiles are its top 4, and
			the only one that must be changed is the 5th tile
	214 is only used as part of the coast cluster (screen 28)
			due to its specialized use, may need to be repurposed;
			no shared tiles, easy to repurpose
	224 is only used in the bottom-left corner of the coast. It will need to
			be changed if the coast does not cover the bottom right corner.

Fortunately, 99 and 96 are also more or less inverts of each other, both being
	water corners with trees above them.

This leaves 53, 57, and 69 as potential obvious problems
53 and 57 are problematic because of the non-existence problem they precede:
	there is no top-right or bottom-right lake rock structure. Column 214
	could be repurposed for one of them, but it's possible I may need
	to keep track of what corners are needed and construct them as required.
	This problem may also affect the coast depending on its shape.
	Fortunately, 53 shares no tiles, but 57 unfortunately does
69 should be matched to the coastline, since it's used most frequently there;
	if there is no east or west coast, it can be matched to the lake and cause
	no problems. If the lake bridge does not play well with the coast, then
	it may just mean having a slightly ugly lake edge.

70 could also cause a problem while adapting screens; may want to prevent the
	southeast corner of a lake from being adapted.

68 could be a problem since one of my backup coast plans involves a bridge;
	could fix that problem by using scattered docks (a la the coast HC)
	and not connecting to the land.

214 shares no tiles with neighboring columns

69 and 70 share 4 tiles, making changing it possible that changing them to
match their surroundings might be impossible; since 69 is far more
significant/obvious, may want to restrict which corner can have open ground to
the south based on coastline location

68 and 67 share 5 tiles; this creates an issue even though they are each only
on one screen; the inverse version of 67 is at 225, which shares 6
tiles with its predecessor, 224, which is also a potential "problem column",
thanks to it being a coast corner.
